README.rst, before:

======================
MidoNet Data Migration
======================

This is the MidoNet data migration tool.

Currently data migration assumes that the Neutron version is kilo.


How to Run
----------

``migrate.py`` command is defined as follows::

     $ ./migrate_py [-h|--help] [-d|--debug] [-n|--dryrun]
                    [-c|--neutron_conf <neutron_conf_file>]
                    [-p|--plugin_conf <plugin_conf_file>]
                    <command>
Options::

     -h,--help
         Show usage of the command

     -d,--debug
         Turn on debug level logging.  Default is off.

     -n,--dryrun
         Run the command but only print out actions that would be taken
         normally, without actually committing the data.

     -c,--neutron_conf <conf_file>
         Use the specified Neutron configuration file instead of the default,
         '/etc/neutron/neutron.conf'.

     -p,--plugin_conf <conf_file>
         Use the specified MidoNet plugin configuration file instead of the
         default, '/etc/neutron/plugins/midonet/midonet.ini'.

Commands::

     prepare
         Output in JSON the existing Neutron resource ID -> resource object
         mappings and MidoNet data required for migration.
     neutron_export
         Export the Neutron data by inserting Neutron objects to
         `midonet_tasks' table of Neutron DB where they will be imported to
         midonet cluster.  With --dryrun, nothing gets inserted.  The input of
         this command is the JSON output from 'prepare' command.
     midonet_migrate
        Migrate the MidoNet data into midonet cluster given as input the output
        from 'prepare' command.
     provider_router
         Convert the MidoNet Provider Router to an edge router.  The input to
         this command is the JSON output from 'prepare' command.

Commit message:

Simplify config loading
Add a sample config file so that it does not depend on the neutron
configuration files to exist on the host you run it.

Change-Id: Iee4b27b0d332d12ef76c41a2c65e1a1609371db9

README.rst, after:

======================
MidoNet Data Migration
======================

This is the MidoNet data migration tool.

Currently data migration assumes that the Neutron version is kilo.


How to Run
----------

``migrate.py`` command is defined as follows::

     $ ./migrate_py [-h|--help] [-d|--debug] [-n|--dryrun]
                    [-c|--conf <conf_file>]
                    <command>
Options::

     -h,--help
         Show usage of the command

     -d,--debug
         Turn on debug level logging.  Default is off.

     -n,--dryrun
         Run the command but only print out actions that would be taken
         normally, without actually committing the data.

     -c,--conf <conf_file>
         Use the specified configuration file for data migration.  If not
         specified, it looks for './migration.conf'.

Commands::

     prepare
         Output in JSON the existing Neutron resource ID -> resource object
         mappings and MidoNet data required for migration.
     neutron_export
         Export the Neutron data by inserting Neutron objects to
         `midonet_tasks' table of Neutron DB where they will be imported to
         midonet cluster.  With --dryrun, nothing gets inserted.  The input of
         this command is the JSON output from 'prepare' command.
     midonet_migrate
        Migrate the MidoNet data into midonet cluster given as input the output
        from 'prepare' command.
     provider_router
         Convert the MidoNet Provider Router to an edge router.  The input to
         this command is the JSON output from 'prepare' command.
